So now that we have the data, we know we're getting the data from our API.
Let's look at constructing our main user interface here.
So this is our main screen.
So there's a lot of things, so we're going to start small and work our way up.
The first thing here we are going to look at is going to be the top bar, the app bar there and then
we're going to work.
Now, now we may go back and forth and then working our way back to the top app bar.
But let's start with the app bar and and and go from there.
Now back to our main screen here, I'm going to change this show data to something that makes more sense
and said, I'm going to call this.
Let's go ahead and say shift f six or shift f six for windows.
OK.
And I'm going to change this name to something that says Main.
Scaffold.
So we're going to use a scaffold, which is a structure that allows us to have a scaffold, so a.
So we're going to use a scaffold to structure our app, right, the screen, so scaffold is another
composable that has all these different structures predefined that we can just plug in our composable.
So we have something like this.
All right.
So now with change, that's for good.
We're passing our main new model.
Always good.
Now there will be some changes here, but so far it's good.
Right.
So next, what are we going to do?
Instead of saying having this there now nails.
If I get rid of that now to restructure a few things here, I'm actually going to move this produced
state up the chain to our main screen here.
So let's get all of these out of here, and I'm going to put there such still looking good.
Get rid of that.
And then what I'm going to do.
Actually, let's control the so I'm going to actually cut this and put inside of LCF and instead of
the main view model, instead, I'm going to pass the actual data.
OK.
So the idea is that we have our review model that's instantiated and pass inside of our main screen.
And so what are we going to do?
And we have all weather data here.
We're producing this state that we need, right?
And then we're checking if loading is true to show our circle of progress indicator elseif, whether
that data is not normal.
That means we have the data.
Then we're going to pass to our main scaffold and the actual data.
So it means how fold is this guy here?
OK, it's empty right now.
So in this case, I'm just going to get rid of that because we just going to pass the data itself,
not the main fuel model.
So instead, I'm going to say, let's pass the weather and let's create that parameter.
This is going to be weather and just pass the weather object.
Now where do we get this weather object while we get this weather object from our weather data and say
weather data data like this?
So probably we'll need to do some assertion there.
And the other thing we are going to have to pass is enough controller because we need that.
And I'll go ahead and pass that our nav controller and be able to have a controller.
And because they have similar names, I can just remove one like this.
This also works.
All right.
So we just restructuring a few things here before we move forward.
Let's see.
So now there are main scaffold here.
We can create the actual scaffold and to do so when, say, scaffold such and for each scaffold he can
have over, you can see the scaffold allows you to pass a few parameters.
Quite so have top bar, which is a composable bottom bar.
We have all of these parameters that we can pass.
Very cool.
So the first thing we're going to pass here is going to be our top bar, the top bar and accepts, of
course, a composable so I can put a trailing lambda section.
And for now, that's all we want to pass.
And inside of our scaffold, this is the content area where we can add the actual contents here.
So the contents is going to be pretty much everything else that we see there.
Let me make this a little smaller so you can see the whole picture, right?
So everything that is here, that is going to be added inside here.
Now it's going to be a lot of code.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say main content create indeed another composable here, and
this will require data which is going to be out of whether object for now.
So we haven't created this.
Let's go ahead and create right now create composable main.
This is going to be a weather type search and our data, it's going to be weather like this.
Very good.
So again, remember, I'm just restructuring everything the main scaffold is called when we know that
data is not known, which means we actually have the data.
And then of course, inside there we have the scaffold, the scaffold.
We will add to the top bar in a minute there, but we calling the main content and passed that data.
We're just passing everything down to the lowest to the lowest composable, which is the main code content.
So now we can do all the work here or later, at least.
But for now, it can just go ahead and put a text again just so that we know that we haven't broken
anything.
And so I can report that.
And let's go ahead and say text is going to be equal to data.
It's going to be an object and say city and get city name.
OK.
Just like that.
Let's go ahead and run this to see if we still get something.
All right.
And you can see there it says Portland.
Very good.
So things are still working, which is a good sign.
Right.
So back to our original intent, which is to create this top bar there.
OK, how do we do that?
Well, the great thing is that with our scaffold, as we have looked or added here there's top bar.
We can add a scaffolding, we can add rather a top bar composable here.
Now our tab bar is going to be a little bit more complex in that this tab bar will be used.
Many places in many other screens, right, and it will always change depending on the screen we are
in.
So we need to we probably need to make it a separate composable.
That way we can use it differently, depending on the situation.
So that's what I'm going to do instead of cutting everything in here.
We're going to create a new composable called well weather app bar.
All right.
So what I'm going to do?
Let's go back to a project and let's close down a few of these, and let's go to perhaps our widgets
right click when I say new.
And class in this, let's call this weather up bar.
All right, so let's add composable.
The first thing is that looking at our photo here, our screenshot, we see that we have a title mural
and we have these buttons.
Now this is one instance, as I said of our app arm.
Right?
So starting out, we are going to see how can we just create something that will have a title and then
of course, have these action buttons there?
For that, we are going to pass because we know we're going to be using this in different places or
going to go ahead and pass a few parameters here, first of all, is going to be title.
It's going to be a strange type and we may need to add a an icon at some point.
For instance, you see here we have this icon, that icon, and at some point we have another icon.
So we also going to allow the passage of an icon.
Now the reason why you see the preview saying, well, something is not right is because whenever we
want to preview something, the parameters needed to have something.
So in this case, I'm just going to say title like this right to say that we have a default value.
OK.
And next, I'm going to pass an icon.
So the icon is going to be a type and we can pass different kinds of icon types.
I'm just going to use an image vector such and I'm going to make this knowable and say it's equal to
no.
This also will help with our preview there.
OK.
The other thing I'm going to pass is a Boolean, which will be used later to say, OK, I was showing
this app bar on the main screen or not, because there are a difference.
If you're not on the main screen, we are going to add a back arrow that will signify that users can
tap and go back.
OK.
So I'm going to do that.
I'm going to say is main.
Screen like this is going to be a Boolean, and it's going to be true to start with.
And I'm going to pass elevation because we may need to add elevation and it's going to be a DPI type
and as a default, she's going to be 0.2 dpi.
Now we need to import those DPS.
Very good.
So this is very customizable, as we see here.
And of course, I'm going to pass a knife controller because we will need that knife controller for
cases when, as I said, we may be in a different screen and we want to go back to the previous screen,
right?
So we need an IV controller.
Then let's go ahead and pass, let's say, on add action.
Now this is going to be more apparent once we have everything set up, of course, but it's just going
to be a callback function per se, and it's going to be unit doesn't return anything and we set it to
nothing so that we don't have that issue.
OK?
And then on button clicked.
So this could be any button that was clicked.
We're just going to also be able to pass that particular callback.
OK, for now, because controller, we will have to instantiate something and I don't want to insinuate
anything.
I'm just going to go ahead and comment that out so we can see something, hopefully at some point.
Well, now it's empty because we don't have anything there.
All right.
So we have that set up for us now and say, here this is what are we going to create the actual app
bar?
Right?
The actual contents of this app are so to help ourselves here, I'm going to invoke a top bar or top
app bar that comes already pre baked or with compose.
This is really nice because it gives us the basic structure of an app bar.
So we're going to use that hover over it so you can pass modifier, of course, background color content
adding in all this stuff.
So we have this content here.
We're just going to be a composable and we're going to use that, of course, using trailing collaborator
there.
And this is very interesting to see says this is a row scope, which means our composable here are top
bar.
Everything that we're going to be adding is going to be in a row.
It makes sense because it's we don't have a lot of space, right?
It's a horizontal aligned widget per se.
So everything's going to be in a row.
So these are the clues you can see as low spacing, narrow scope.
If the was column would have said column scope, right?
So right here, let's go ahead and add a text.
And for the title in this text here, let's just say important and for the text of this text, I'm going
to pass the title, which will be whatever we pass in there.
OK?
And I'm going to set it up by adding.
First of all, let's put a color material
theme.
So colors, I'm going to say on secondary color and then was out of style.
Real quick here, and we just use a text style and font weight.
I want this to be bold.
OK?
And font size about 15 that sb.
So four sizes when it comes to text and so forth, you use SB.
Not deep.
Okay.
Let's see.
Let's just go ahead and run this.
Actually, let's let's go to our main screen and I'm going to call this weather.
A bar like this, we don't have to pass well, actually, let's pass the title here and you can say
heroin are empty.
OK, let's go ahead and run.
OK, there we go.
Can see, says Helena Mty.
That looks great.
And the next video will continue working on our app bar.